{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8660\viewh8920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 5 November 2017\
\

\b General comments: 
\b0 We\'92re interested in two hypotheses (early events directly constrain later ones or events are constrained by development time). To address these hypotheses we need to aware of the constraints present in sequential phenological events.\
\
There are naive approaches to thinking about multiple phenophases per season such as examining each as though independent. For this to work things must be infinitely variable, but in reality there are constraints:\
(1) Events are generally sequential.\
(2) The growing season places limits on all event dates making them potentially inherently related. \
\
Be sure to address each hypothesis and then finish the paper without too much more interoperation (i.e., interpret the oaks but don\'92t try to do too much more than that). \
\

\b Papers to look for using similar approaches:
\b0 \
- Bill Baker paper on richness and mountains\
- Mid-domain on flowering (with Inouye I think, I think I sent this to you: Aldridge is first author).\
- RangeModel author\'85 maybe look at TF Rangel 2005 \
\

\b H1 and H2 conceptual figure:
\b0  H2 point below the line means that the outlier must have flowered very early. More likely is plants fall above the line for H2: Flowered late and rushed to generate fruit (not constrained by interphase).\
\

\b H1 real data figure
\b0 \

\i General comments:
\i0 \
	- Set the range as identical on all X and Y axes (that is for each graph, make sure the xlim and ylim cover the same range, like 80 days). Then the slopes of 1 will all look the same. \
	- Show nonsignificant real slopes in gray instead of black.\
	- Imagine all the species appear above the 1 slope line. You would say: Species that have early bud burst tend to leafout later than expected (are above the 1 line) \

\i Now a walk through of some of the figures:
\i0 \
	- LO vs BB (Y vs. X): With some variation there is a general tendency that species that BB earlier LO earlier and those that BB later, leafout later, consistent with bud burst constraining leafout. \
	- Flo vs. BB: Time of flowering is independent from when you burst bud.\
	- LO vs. Flo: Flowering happens much earlier or later than expected due to leafout, suggesting something else controls leafout. But leafout is clearly more constrained (i.e., most around day 135). \
	- Fru vs. Flo: Earlier flowering are less constrained in when their fruiting time but the later-fruiting ones appears constrained by flowering (this is logical, if you flower late you can fruit whenever, but if you flower late you need to fruit soon because the end of the season is nigh).\
\

\b H2 real data: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 General comments:
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- Resampling shows inter phenophase time (IPPT) if it were randomly associated with the preceding event.\
	- Two things to look at: (1) the slope and its fit (2) whether species fall outside of the resampling.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Now a walk through of some of the figures:
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- LO vs. LO-BB: Leafout is some what constrained by IPPT but with high variability meaning other factors must drive leafout time.  One sp. leafs out much later than predicted based on a model where leafout is constrained by the interphenophase. Some are too early \'85\
	- Flo vs. Flo-BB (etc.): Species that fruit late do not have a longer or shorter phenophase than species that fruit early. So the IPPT for Flo-BB appears to be just a distribution of phases unassociated with BB or LO or such.  \
	- Fruiting is not at all constrained by senescence, you can even fruit after you senesce!Senescing before fruiting violates all the constraints we set up. \
\
\
}