{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Editorial Office Comments: \'a0\
\
For the final version of the manuscript please upload your article file in an editable format, preferably MS Word (.doc), and not as a PDF.\
\
XPlease remove the statistics from the abstract.\
\
XKey words can greatly enhance the discovery of your article. Please review your key words and consider whether they will help the reader find your work, i.e., by using words and phrases that are not already in the title or the abstract and/or including words that will widen the search-window of topics in your manuscript. For more details see \'93c. Key Words\'94 at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/page/journal/15372197/homepage/ForAuthors.html#ps"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/page/journal/15372197/homepage/ForAuthors.html#ps}} \
\
XL101 \'96 please add the lat/long for the arboretum.\
\
In the Literature Cited:\
Xa. replace the dashes that represent authors\'92 names with their names written out in full.\
b. for multi-authored works, list the first seven authors and then \'93et al.\'94 If there are only eight authors, then list all eight.\
\
XPlease delete the figures from the manuscript text (article file). \'a0However, do keep the figure legends in the article file, listing them after the table. \'a0\
\
For the online supplements:\
a. Please name them Appendix S1, S2, etc., in the order in which they are referred to in the ms text regardless of whether they are figures or tables. \'a0\
b. In the manuscript, after the first mention of the first online appendix, include the following: \'93Appendix S1 (see the Supplementary Data with this article)\'94. \'a0Please be sure that each appendix is referred to somewhere in the ms text.\
c. Upload each file separately. \'a0\
d. On each file, place a header at the top of the page, using this format: \'93Smith et al.\'97American Journal of Botany 2018\'96 Appendix S1\'94.\
e. On each file, also include a title/legend, prefaced by, e.g., \'93Appendix S1\'94 (we prefer the title to be on the file itself, but if necessary, for any given appendix its title can be placed after the figure legends instead. However, please do NOT provide a duplicate copy of any of the titles in a separate list as this adds confusion during the copyediting stage.)}